fix grammatical issues in return_values (#20858)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/building_blocks/return_values/index.md

## What are return values?

> **Return values** are just what they sound like — the values that a function returns when it has been completed. You've already met return values several times, although you may not have thought about them explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Return values** are just what they sound like — the values that a function returns when it completes. You've already met return values several times, although you may not have thought about them explicitly.
```
